hey everybody welcome to the zaib cast
we are back after a week's hiatus I know
you missed us brought to you by our good
friends at leinenkugel Scotland and low
def Solomon dolly is out this week he's
on vacation yeah well we curved we can
press on I will do without you Scott was
in Vegas yeah with his kids yeah how
that one workout see it's different
experience having gone with my just my
wife to be 15 years ago and now with
three little ones four months five and
seven whoa splaining to do like yeah
it's like your passport for vegas hasn't
even been stamped that's why I said it
you went once with your wife yeah and
you went once with your wife and kids
yeah why don't you go next time with
your wife kids and Rabbi oh very funny
because there couldn't be two bigger air
brakes on your fun on your fun speedo
restrictor plate gambling next week is
going to a bed and breakfast in
Connecticut alone which I'll yeah the
the the air brakes on your fun speed
velocity of Vegas is incredible with a
wife incredible with kids incredible
area both the only thing more like I
said would be a rabbi in rat in February
yeah just februari March no februari
whatever one's Mardi Gras here help me
I'm gonna be taking usually yeah I'm
gonna be taking my grandmother just she
and I are gonna go down we're gonna
curse probably late huh take my Bubbe
we're gonna earn some beads you know yet
you're right where's the baccarat tables
daddy this street is full of vomit do
you have the hurricane glass how come
there's so many people throwing beads at
me look at the boobs on this one anyway
it says this is the train wreck alrighty
go back through the ages yeah it's a
different experience man good though it
was a good times you know 108 degrees
and none and you went in the summer yeah
and I don't know my wife had business to
take care of she was presenting at a
conference the air conditioning worked
splendidly I got air conditioning it was
fun so kids got a kick out of walking
through the casino trying to look at all
the lights but then you get dirty looks
by all the the people a move you please
get moving keep it moving you can
up can you walk the kids through the
casino floor where the games going on
yes something once prohibited that I
think the way anyone under 21 usually
isn't allowed yeah but if you got them
both on hand and you're going walking
we're walking you're not looking don't
touch don't I don't love of course my
son's five who likes to do I want to
touch the machine like oh you're gonna
get daddy thrown out of the hotel right
you know but what's that what is pin
your okee are did your uh did your
seven-year-old get offered a player's
club gold cuz she did my galley Savalas
she got offered some VIP entry into some
nighttime night clubs including wet
republic at the MGM Grand it's it's a
swimming pool it's a nightclub it's both
but no you know we spent Apple time in
the lazy river swimming pool which is a
blast which involves lazy drunks yes
guys double fisting it with boo girls is
where raft yes and a whole lot of ass
crack and lots of lots of uh what do you
call the the tramp stamp yes the whole
city lights yes there's all my daughter
gone look at her tattoos that one's
really big I'm like yes it is always
right in your face but I own it there
you know where they're allowed to be
there whoa I got a good book I nice
parenting this weeks ago oh stop I guess
yeah good I got it I got a good book
idea for you yeah what to tell your kids
while they're in Vegas with you and you
could write it a lot of pre scripted
answers to common questions perfect
Vegas lashes with lies like like why is
that man handing you a business card
with really large breasts on that's
thought of business call exactly that's
uh that's an invitation to a nightclub
honey well those girls boobs are huge
daddy I know and I'm going daddy what's
the big daddy shorter vigorish which is
a slang term for the ten percent that
casinos take off of losing one about
girls direct to you you what does that
mean you hate girls being rerouted to
you you know or lost and I don't want to
go supply and stand by I want to fly and
direct yes so yeah yes you know was fun
we also animals we ate I'm back to be
back there
good then good to have you back any nice
good to be back on the same cast thanks
for listening everyone will see you next
time